# Question from the investors

1. Why do we have to do such a mega project value for 400 million USD? Because SMEs or the medium size project can not supply the demand of all tourists.Although in Chiang Rai there are many hotels from big hotels to very small homestays.From the past up until now the major tourists come to Chiang Rai to visit the tourist attractions till the evening and then go back to stay in Chiang Mai almost 100% despite the journey for one way trip is 4 hours that may cause them so much exhausted.Consequently of not enough night activities then they decide to go back to Chiang Mai to enjoy in pub\&restuarants, walking streets, or night bazaar and entertainment. For the reasons above to avoid the old behaviors of the tourists, it’s necessary to go on Megaproject called “Maekong Plaza-Mix use complex” where there are full options for many activities like Chiang Mai such as the Day\&Night Bazaar, night show surrounding our plaza, recreation area on our rooftop(bars & restaurants, sauna, spa, swimming pool, garden, and tents area.),floating market, river cruises and etc.
2. Maekong Plaza has 6,000 rooms. Is that number too many? We insist to do only the mega project with full option services in order to welcome the tourists for 5-10% of the total amount of tourists all year round. From the statistics there are more than 10 million tourists traveling in Chiang Rai, especially foreigners. Our strategy is to do the room rate equal as the guest house rate of about 20 USD. per room a night but with our full option services, we are the better choice to stay with. And we would like to have the long-staying guests all year round. Our main idea is to let our customers stay comfortable with a variety of services to make them stay with us many nights or months for our full occupancy or highest possible.
3. What is the expected number of customers using our services is because there are tourists waiting at the doorstep so we expected as bellows. 6,000 rooms rental occupied, and there are 12,000 guests Our hotel employees number about 3,000-4,000 persons. Other employees from outsources such as in plaza, floating market and etc about 20,000 persons And customers from outside who are not staying with us for more than 20,000 people. From our evaluation the total customers should be 60,000-80,000 people a day but we can make a warm welcome up to 100,000 people a day.
4. Why do we have to settle the location of Maekong Plaza in Chiangrai and in our land? Because we are the landowner for 20 acres next to Maekong and Maekok river you can travel along the river to Xishuangbanna in China, Chiangtung in Myanmar, and Loung Prabang in Laos. So our land is suitable to build the project and the big piers for the big river cruises in order to exchange the tourists for 4 countries that are Thailand, China, Myanmar, and Laos. And this way will make our land get the high occupancy all over the year. And we will be the sustainable water tourism project soon. Our area is also close to the Rastuay station which is so convenient to travel by train too. Moreover, the airport is far away from our land only 30 mins Maekong Plaza The rooftop Swimming Pool club11 and the bus terminal is far away for 45 mins and our ouns terminal in the Project. We can conclude that our land is easily accessible.
5. Why our construction is about 400 million USD A 9-story building includes a rooftop recreation area, Night and Day bazaar, floating market, and piers will be around 600,000 square meters.The standard construction cost of 700 USD./square meters will be 400 million baht this price will be fully furnished and included with the parking lots too.
6. When we can raise 400 million USD., what will we do? The Construction will be finished 80% within 1 year in order to push into IPO shares in the world stock exchange market in REIT(Real Estate Investment Trust) to raise our 100% share by Par value with the expected price of equal to 0.30 USD/share. And we will try our best to make a profit for our shareholders due to REIT law we will give 90% of the net profit quarterly of the year to share to all shareholders which are our target from the start.
7. hat are the unique selling points of Maekong Plaza?
   1. Our Plaza’s corridors are very long and have 15 meters tall like the dome and this will make our customers who are walking along the corridors feel comfortable and in touch with the beautiful Italian style inched floating market in the project. With international cuisine and entertainment complex. River View Plaza & Shopping mall12
   2. Maekong Plaza’s river cruises, there are the services as below\
      2.1 Tour cruise one day trip along 2 rivers.\
      2.2 Tour cruises one day trip to Myanmar and Laos with a local guide\
      2.3 Tour packages 5 nights included with the meals, accommodations\
      and guide.
   3. Package tour around Chiangrai and three country borders amazing and\
      unseen places.
